there have always been couples that have
difficulty having children or maybe they
waited too long or even just can't have
any some of them adopt some of them get
pets some of them just live alone yet i
bet none of the ones you know have had a
baby tree stump come to life well get
ready for greedy guts also known as
little otic i can't wait to tell you
about this one while i may give you my
opinion on the film here that's no
substitute for experiencing it yourself
links to the movie are in the
description as well i will also say that
this film has some pretty big mature
themes that some might find disturbing
so i just approach with caution
what this goes on for another whole
minute by the way next we have carol who
is in an ob gyn office when he looks
down at the street i think they're
packaging babies for sale like a deli
okay we'll just assume this is a common
occurrence here as carolyn bezina head
back home their neighbor's girl runs out
into the street which prompts carol to
slam on the brakes as they exit the car
business gives the girl a loving
greeting then cries as she leaves why
what is this of course this girl talks
to her family about bozena not having a
baby this whole world seems to be
obsessed with having babies but when she
goes downstairs afterwards an old man
ogles her and a hand comes out of his
pants i kid you not that's exactly how
it plays out naturally the neighbors
defend the old man but we know what we
saw just to add to the idea that this
world is obsessed with babies
couldn't make this up if i tried how he
even cut the watermelon without cutting
the baby is beyond me is it imagery is
it a weird alternate universe where
babies are popping out of the ground
[Music]
oh yeah this movie just keeps adding it
on but i can't stop watching it also has
a weird focus on the food at least they
didn't zoom in on someone chewing this
time the next day carol and his neighbor
work on clearing out the yard while
bazina depressingly packs away the baby
clothes she had hoped to have a need for
meanwhile outside carol rips up this
mandrake looking tree stump and has an
epiphany nothing is surprising me
anymore and we're only 12 minutes into
the story carol takes a stump into his
workhouse shed and it's assumed that he
stays out there and works on his project
for some time when he appears to besina
later he comes with a gift you said it
kitty if that doesn't disturb you
nothing will of course bozena envisions
a baby and she immediately takes to
caring for the baby like a crazed mother
she lays it on a blanket drags the case
with baby clothes out and dresses it up
in a diaper bonnet and some clothes how
she got the clothes on without snapping
a twig i'll never know that skill carol
begins to realize that while he had good
intentions he might have gone about
helping her cope the completely wrong
way later that night they get ready to
leave the property and when she walks
out with a baby carol loses his mind he
tries to convince her that it's just a
piece of wood but once he realizes that
she isn't going to understand he strikes
a deal to leave the baby at the house
while they're gone if you're not getting
the point across after doing this
nothing is gonna work of course the next
time they see their neighbors bozina has
told them that they're having a baby
how is he handling all of this of course
he goes to his liquor cabinet right
after but that still can't be enough
buzzina shows carol her plan for faking
the pregnancy she has a pillow for every
month of pregnancy not a bad plan
honestly but still messed up again why
the fascination of close-ups of eating
the imagery and sounds is enough to make
this a horror movie for sure as the
neighbor's daughter sneaks around she
notices bazina reading a story to the
tree stump baby of course this puts
posina's plan of faking pregnancy at
risk so at least now we understand the
daughter's purpose again we run into the
creepy old man who causes the neighbor's
daughter to run downstairs and bump into
bazzina's fake belly she's definitely
more suspicious now i feel like he's
just part of the story to push other
people into the next thing cause and
effect next thing you know bazina is
going into labor as much as this is a
fake pregnancy she sure is hitting those
screams just right as he drives her to
the hospital she's still acting as
though she's in labor which would drive
me crazy once they make it to their
cabin she frantically makes her way to
the tree stump baby as she holds the
stump carol tries to remind her to hide
considering she's supposed to be in the
hospital once carol makes it back to
their apartment the neighbors pull him
in to talk about the labor and to
celebrate
this little girl is the nancy drew of
europe if ever there was one between her
walking him through his hospital phone
call and checking the phone after she's
on top of it the girl comes out to the
room with everyone else and asks carol
what he'll name the baby as he takes a
second he decides to name it otic hey a
reference to the title finally now if
you thought anything was weird up until
now then just get ready for things to
get even more crazy i warned you things
take a turn from here on naturally carol
comes at them with an axe and i can't
blame him look at it every time they
show it it gets a little more unsettling
make it stop after they try to raise
otic like a normal baby he starts to
show that he's constantly hungry soon
carol mentions that this cannot end well
and otic's hunger makes him a little
unpredictable
i think it's time to plant that thing
out in the yard where he dug it up to
begin with the animation makes it even
worse
what is it the next day bazina goes to
the store and leaves odik in his
carriage outside outside who leaves a
baby outside and who else would pop up
at this opportune time than the
neighbor's daughter she makes her way
over to otic's carriage and removes his
sock that has to be the calmest reaction
i ever could have imagined for finding a
live tree baby when the daughter makes
her way home she opens up her fairy tale
book and finds a story called otessenek
it's a story of a man and woman who
wanted a baby the man dug up a stump
that looked like a baby and he trimmed
it to look more like one still oh you
get the story we've literally been
watching it this whole time the point is
that eventually otessanet grew so much
that he continued to eat everything and
everyone of course neither the story or
the real thing explain how it comes to
life in the first place i feel like that
should be in the fairy tale as a warning
how not to let this happen okay first of
all why are we so close to the pot of
soup again second again that's the
calmest reaction to something that
should not be considered normal thirdly
what
this whole movie is like a bad trip
when bozena goes to check on little otic
he's not so little anymore like no one
saw this coming
you mean to tell me that you knew what
you had this whole time okay you've got
what's coming to you when you know you
have a little monster you don't just
push that information aside on a side
note where can i get one of these and
what the more otec grows the more the
couple have to buy to keep him fed but
one day they notice that the door has
been left open when they go in to
investigate they notice otic has eaten a
human body poor mailman the next day a
new mailman is sent in the old one stead
and this just furthers the neighbor's
daughter's suspicions at this point she
knows what the couple is housing later
bozena leaves otic and his carriage
outside again how hard is it just to
bring the carriage with you well one of
the neighbors snoops in the carriage to
find out that posina only left a plastic
baby doll in it the way these neighbors
keep acting i'd probably just let odyc
eat them at this point i don't know stop
zooming in on people eating the neighbor
that discovered the plastic doll goes to
the police and asks them to investigate
the couple she believes that they're
hiding a crime concerning their baby in
that this fake is their way of
maintaining cover soon after someone
calls buzziness obgyn who explains to
the caller that there's absolutely no
way she could have had a baby because
both her and carol were sterile i'm just
going to assume that patient doctor
confidentiality doesn't exist here
because he didn't even ask who it was he
just built the private beans at the drop
of a hat sure enough a social worker
shows up at bessina's door asking to see
odig well if you weren't a suspect of a
crime before you sure are now she didn't
give a single damn about that poor
woman's foot i'm not sure what's funnier
but xena slamming the social worker's
foot in the door or brazina thinking
she's a match for the european
terminator of a social worker as the
social worker barges in she notices the
state of the apartment and the plethora
of food bazina has prepared for odyc
then she hears otic in the room next to
them again credit for trying but really
you really think you had a chance the
social worker barges into object's room
to find twigs and branches all over the
bed before
i think things have gotten a little bit
out of hand carol makes his way home
with sacks of meat for odig i personally
don't think odig is hungry at the moment
carol prepares to take care of odyc
while bozena pleads with him one last
time but carol has had enough of the
death in pretending he goes into otic's
room and ties some rope around otic's
legs as odig wakes up and struggles
carol tussles with him and restrains his
mouth as best he can you know duct tape
which is the solution to everything if
this poor girl grows up to lead a normal
life i'd be surprised so apparently
carol's big plan is to starve odik to
death which feels infinitely more cruel
than chopping him up into firewood and
surely not a foolproof plan for a
creature that eats everything he'll get
out soon why why why we don't care what
you're eating we want to know who otic
eats next and here nancy drew goes down
into the apartment basement to find odig
oh sorry not just to find him set him
free this whole community is hopeless no
survival instincts whatsoever the girl
proceeds to antiotic who then pulls her
in closer before she says that she wants
to help odyck she goes back up to her
apartment where she gathers food and
toys before she travels back down to the
basement in her fairy tale story an old
woman and her hoe are what does the
otezunek in so the daughter grabs the
hoe from the old woman in the complex
and goes back to odig soon after people
come to carolyn bozzina's apartment to
question them about things buzzino
welcomes the police into their apartment
as they question them about the
disappearance of the social worker just
as they're ready to leave the police
officer notices a fake baby doll in the
crib he decides to ask about the mailman
as well as they leave you can tell that
they don't buy their story as the
daughter arrives at the apartment
complex she notices that the old lady
has bought another hoe when she goes to
take it again the old lady is ready for
her it's now that we find out that the
girl stole the first one so the old lady
couldn't kill otic she makes her promise
not to hit odyc before giving her hoe
back when the girl is denied extra food
to take down to otic she draws straws to
decide who she is gonna feed to otic
sure enough it's the creepy man who just
happens to come around the corner
can't say that one was too sad but we
know how this kind of story goes i'm
becoming so numb to this movie's antics
that it's scaring me after carol has a
personal reflective moment of all the
damage odig has caused he goes to his
neighbor to ask for his chainsaw he
marches down to the basement just as the
neighbor's daughter has decided to
sacrifice him next as he approaches odyc
with a chainsaw he sees what odik has
become
i can't even say that's cute but somehow
it makes carol weak and call him son
somehow posina senses this and heads
down to the basement as well a quick
scream follows and the daughter brings
her father's chainsaw back up to her
father suddenly the old lady believes
the girl speaking about a tessa egg she
reads the fairy tale about it but in the
meantime otic is getting hungrier well
time to cut your losses otic starts
eating all the cabbages in the garden
outside and this prompts the old lady to
take care of odig she grabs her hoe and
makes her way to the basement and it's
done literally the movie just stops with
her walking down the stairs and the
little girl crying considering the rest
of the film i think i'd rather have seen
this old woman dispose of otic on screen
but the film kept me entertained and
genuinely confused for a good bit of it
so i guess we can call this a win either
way i hope you enjoyed the video and by
all means watch the film for yourself if
you did like it leave a like on the
video and suggest what i should watch
next subscribe if you want to see more
videos like this one and i'll see you in
the next video